You've now completed Exercise 2,
as a part of the security best practices session.
The intent of this exercise was for you to explore virustotal.com,
and see how we can supplement a device's antivirus and endpoint protection program.
Let me show you how it works.
As you can see, I typed in Udacity's website in the search bar.
If I click "Search",
you will see the results where the website was compared
against 70 plus different antivirus programs.
Keep in mind, an anti-virus program by itself
is only about maybe 50-60 percent effective.
Wouldn't it be nice to check against many different types
of antivirus programs like the ones you see here.
You can also use VirusTotal to detect potential malware as a part of a file.
Hopefully, the file you uploaded on the site had no viruses detected.
Please share this site with your friends and family as
an extra layer of defense against malware.